README.md, before:

# Employee_Tracker

### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) 

https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

## Table of Contents

### 1. [Description](#description)

### 2. [Installation](#installation) 

### 3. [Usage](#usage)

### 4. [Contributions](#contributions)

### 5. [Questions](#questions)

## Description
This project is intended to provide the user with a database to keep track of his/her company's employees. The user is able to view all employees, departments and roles. The user is also able to add a department, role or employee and update a current employee's role.

## Installation
For installation instructions, please see the project github repository: https://github.com/njd8927/Employee_Tracker

## Usage
To initialize application, type npm start in your command line and answer the prompts to have your custom database created.

## Contributions
This project was developed with assistance from JD Tadlock, Armando Osario, https://www.stackoverflow.com and MDN Web Docs.

To contribute to this project please see my github repository: https://github.com/njd8927/Employee_Tracker


## Questions
GitHub: https://www.github.com/njd8927

Email: nicholasz8687@gmail.com

Link to Walkthrough Video: https://drive.google.com/file/d/19MF8s9nCCgVFUncKp6dVcfBeoTZAL0pt/view

Commit message:

updated readme to include walkthrough video link

README.md, after:

# Employee_Tracker

### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) 

https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

## Table of Contents

### 1. [Description](#description)

### 2. [Installation](#installation) 

### 3. [Usage](#usage)

### 4. [Contributions](#contributions)

### 5. [Questions](#questions)

## Description
This project is intended to provide the user with a database to keep track of his/her company's employees. The user is able to view all employees, departments and roles. The user is also able to add a department, role or employee and update a current employee's role.

## Installation
For installation instructions, please see the project github repository: https://github.com/njd8927/Employee_Tracker

## Usage
To initialize application, type npm start in your command line and answer the prompts to have your custom database created. 
See walkthrough video for further instructions on application usage.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/19MF8s9nCCgVFUncKp6dVcfBeoTZAL0pt/view

## Contributions
This project was developed with assistance from JD Tadlock, Armando Osario, https://www.stackoverflow.com and MDN Web Docs.

To contribute to this project please see my github repository: https://github.com/njd8927/Employee_Tracker


## Questions
GitHub: https://www.github.com/njd8927

Email: nicholasz8687@gmail.com

Link to Walkthrough Video: https://drive.google.com/file/d/19MF8s9nCCgVFUncKp6dVcfBeoTZAL0pt/view
